Create Intro to Group Analytics doc (#209)
avohq/docs: pages/workspace/tracking-plan/properties.mdx

import Link from '../../../components/Link';

> Properties are also known as traits, attributes, metadata, etc. They are information that is attached to events, users or groups that describe the state of the user or the product at the time of the event. Avo allows you to define event, user and system properties - each category described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties are also known as traits, attributes, metadata, etc. They are information that is attached to events, users or groups that describe the state of the user or the product at the time of the event. Avo allows you to define event, group, user and system properties - each category described below.
```

Event properties are sent with the event in the <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/events#a-namelog-eventa-log-event"><a>event call</a></Link>.

### <a name="group-properties"></a> Group properties

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡  **When should I use a Group Properties?**
>
> [Read more here about how Group Properties work and why they may be the right choice for you.](LINK TO THE GUIDE ABOUT GROUP ANALYTICS WITH AVO (asana task here https://app.asana.com/0/1200671081590283/1200680020579759))
```

> Group properties describe the state of a group you defined previously. Read more about Groups <Link passHref href="/data-design/groups"><a>here</a></Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group properties describe the state of a group you defined previously.
```

Author: I feel like we need to introduce groups for better understanding of the group properties concept

Reviewer: Totally agree. Was suggesting to move it into a highlights section here https://github.com/avohq/docs/pull/209#discussion_r681735359 

whatcha think?

Author: Moved!

Similar to User properties, this information is usually relevant in a larger scope than for exactly that event.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡  **When should I use a Group Properties?**
>
> [Read more here about how Group Properties work and why they may be the right choice for you.](LINK TO THE GUIDE ABOUT GROUP ANALYTICS WITH AVO (asana task here https://app.asana.com/0/1200671081590283/1200680020579759))
```

**Example**

> For example, you are a B2B company and your product is used by different companies and each company consists of a number of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use case: As a B2B company, your product is used by different companies where each company consists of a number of users.
```

> For example, you are a B2B company and your product is used by different companies and each company consists of a number of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For B2B companies, products are used by multiple companies, each consisting of a number of users.
```

> You can maintain the state of each company with group properties, increase the count of employees when a new users joins particular company for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can maintain the state of each company with group properties, increase the count of employees when a new user joins a particular company for example.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, you can maintain the state of each company with group properties, increase the count of employees when a new user joins particular company for example.
```

**Functionality**

> Group properties are updated with the event in the LINK Update Group action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Group properties are updated with the event in the <Link passHref href="/data-design/how-to-add-a-group-to-an-event"><a>Update Group action</a></Link>.
```

Event properties are sent with the event in the <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/events#a-namelog-eventa-log-event"><a>event call</a></Link>.

## <a name="group-properties"></a> Group properties

Group properties describe the state of a group you defined previously.

Similar to User properties, this information is usually relevant in a larger scope than for exactly that event.

> 💡 **When should I use Groups and Group Properties?**
>
> <Link passHref href="/data-design/groups">
>   <a>
>     Read more here about how Group Properties work and why they may be the
>     right choice for you
>   </a>
> </Link>
> .

**Example**

For B2B companies, products are used by multiple companies, each consisting of a number of users.
In that case, you can maintain the state of each company with group properties, increase the count of employees when a new user joins a particular company for example.

**Functionality**

> Group properties are updated with the event in the <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/events#a-nameupdate-groups"><a>Update Groups</a></Link> action.

Reviewer: aaaaa. I'm allergic to these broken docs links (i'm always sharing docs links with prospects and customers and _if_ you manage to parse the actual article name from the docs link, then following that, this link says to me "eew. what's wrong with their docs links?")

I believe in most cases there's a way to bypass this. I think just removing the "a-name" part will probably just work.

TODO fix this link.

Reviewer 2: Mmmm, it's because we haven't shipped them yet 😅

### Managing Groups

> To be able to manage Group you will need to define them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to manage a Group (update Group Properties, associate users or events with Groups)  you first need to define the Group:
```

#### Creating Group Types

You can create Group Types either from the Properties screen or from the
`Update Groups` action from the Event details.

* From the Properties screen click `+ Add Group Type`
* From the Update Groups action click `+ Add Group Type`

and fill in name and description of your Group Type.

> 💡 Tip: Each Group Type will need an ID for association (e.g. `Workspace`
> : `Avo`). If you would like to strictly define possible ids for a type
> (e.g. `Role` : [one of `Admin`, `Editor`, `Viewer`, etc.] you can choose

> > `Property Id should match one of` and define your possibilities.

Reviewer: Woooooowsa! HUGE IF TRUUUUU 🚀

Author: I think we've decided to slice it out this time. Also not really clear if it is necessary at all, like @bragur mentioned it can be like the user id, which never appears in the Avo UI.

#### Creating Group properties

Group Properties are properties which belong to a specific group type (e.g.

> Member Count for Group Type Workspace). There are also two ways to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Group Property `Member Count` for Group Type `Workspace`). There are also two ways to create
```

Group properties

* From the Properties screen, find the Group Properties section and your
Group Type's subsection and click `+ Add Group Property`
* From the Update Groups action choose the Group Type and then `+ Add Group Property`

and fill in name and description of your Group property.

> Groups and Group properties should then be available from the `Update Groups`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groups and Group Properties should then be available from the `Update Groups`
```
